update managed instance SLA (#2220)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/product-engineering/engineering/cloud/delivery/managed/index.md

After [determining a managed instance is what a customer/prospect wants](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/install/managed), Customer Engineers should:

1. Submit a request to the Delivery team via the [Managed Instance Request](https://github.com/sourcegraph/customer/issues/new?assignees=&labels=team%2Fdelivery&template=new_managed_instance.md&title=) issue template in the sourcegraph/customer repo
2. Message the team in [#delivery](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C02E4HE42BX)

## SLAs for managed instances

> Support SLAs for Sev 1 and Sev 2 can be found [here](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/departments/support/#slas). Other engineering SLAs are listed below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support SLAs for Sev 1 and Sev 2 can be found [here](../../../../../support/index.md#slas). Other engineering SLAs are listed below
```

|                                               | Description                                            | Response time                                  | Provide LOE                                                      | Resolution time                                                 |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | New instance Creation                         | Spin up new instance for a new customer                | Within 24 hours of becomeing aware of the need | Within 2 weeks to provide LOE (leve of effort)                   | Within 10 working days from agreement                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| New instance Creation                         | Spin up new instance for a new customer                | Within 24 hours of becoming aware of the need | Within 2 weeks to provide LOE (level of effort)                   | Within 10 working days from agreement                           |
```

The main limitation of this model is that an underlying GCP infrastructure outage could result in downtime, i.e. is it not a HA deployment.

### Security

- **Isolation**: Each managed instance is created in an isolated GCP project with heavy gcloud access ACLs and network ACLs for security reasons.
- **Admin access**: Both the customer and Sourcegraph personnel will have access to an application-level admin account.
- **VM/SSH access**: Only Sourcegraph personnel will have access to the actual GCP VM, this is done securely through GCP IAP TCP proxy access only. Sourcegraph personnel can make changes or provide data from the VM upon request by the customer.
- **Inbound network access**: The customer may choose between having the deployment be accessible via the public internet and protected by their SSO provider, or for additional security have the deployment restricted to an allowlist of IP addresses only (such as their corporate VPN, etc.)

> - **Outbound network access**: The Sourcegraph deployment will have unfettered egress TCP/ICMP access, and customers will need to allow the:w

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Outbound network access**: The Sourcegraph deployment will have unfettered egress TCP/ICMP access, and customers will need to allow the
```
